AAP-5044 - Create AAP Backup and Restore doc (#561)
RedHatInsights/red-hat-ansible-automation-platform-documentation: downstream/assemblies/platform/assembly-aap-backup.adoc

ifdef::context[:parent-context: {context}]

[id="aap-backup"]

:context: aap-backup

= Creating {PlatformName} backup resources

[role="_abstract"]

> Backing up your {PlatformName} deployment involves creating backup resources for your deployed automation hub and automation controller instances. Use these procedures to create backup resources for your {PlatformName} deployment.

Reviewer: No changes; just replace automation hub and automation controller w/ attributes.

```suggestion
Backing up your {PlatformName} deployment involves creating backup resources for your deployed {HubName} and {ControllerName} instances. Use these procedures to create backup resources for your {PlatformName} deployment.
```

Author: Good catch!
